Add basic documentation (#19)
PickNikRobotics/pick_ik: doc/USAGE.md

# pick_ik : Usage

## Using pick_ik as a Kinematics Plugin

> As discussed in the MoveIt2 documentation, you can use the [MoveIt Setup Assistant](https://moveit.picknik.ai/humble/doc/examples/setup_assistant/setup_assistant_tutorial.html) or change the [`kinematics.yaml` file](https://moveit.picknik.ai/main/doc/examples/kinematics_configuration/kinematics_configuration_tutorial.html?highlight=kinematics%20yaml#kinematics-configuration) for your robot setup to use `pick_ik` as the IK solver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As discussed in the MoveIt 2 documentation, you can use the [MoveIt Setup Assistant](https://moveit.picknik.ai/humble/doc/examples/setup_assistant/setup_assistant_tutorial.html) or change the [`kinematics.yaml` file](https://moveit.picknik.ai/main/doc/examples/kinematics_configuration/kinematics_configuration_tutorial.html?highlight=kinematics%20yaml#kinematics-configuration) for your robot setup to use `pick_ik` as the IK solver.
```

```

As a sanity check, you could follow the [MoveIt Quickstart in RViz](https://moveit.picknik.ai/humble/doc/tutorials/quickstart_in_rviz/quickstart_in_rviz_tutorial.html) tutorial and change the `moveit_resources/panda_moveit_config/config/kinematics.yaml/kinematics.yaml` file to use a configuration like the one above.

---

## Parameter Description

For an exhaustive list of parameters, refer to the [parameters YAML file](../src/pick_ik_parameters.yaml).

Some key parameters you may want to start with are:

* `mode`: If you choose `local`, this solver will only do local gradient descent; If you choose `global`, it will also enable the evolutionary algorithm. Using the global solver will be less performant, but if you're having trouble getting out of local minima, this could help you. We recommend using `local` for things like relative motion / Cartesian interpolation / endpoint jogging, and `global` if you need to solve for goals with a far-away initial conditions.
* `memetic_<property>`: All the properties that only kick in if you use the `global` solver. The key one is `memetic_num_threads`, as we have enabled the evolutionary algorithm to solve on multiple threads.

> * `cost_threshold`: This solver works by setting up cost functions based on how far away your pose is, how much your joints move relative to the initial guess, and custom cost functions you can add. Optimization succeeds only if the cost is less than `cost_threshold`. Note that if you're adding custom cost functions, you may want to set this threshold fairly high and rely on `twist_threshold` to be your deciding factor whereas this is more of a guideline.

Reviewer: Probably off-topic to this PR, but I would somewhat prefer slightly different parameter names.
* `_threshold` actually could be replaced with `*_limit` or a `max_*`
* twist implies velocity afaik, a simple `cartesian_distance_limit` or `pose_distance_limit` would fit better
* `rotation_scale` should be `rotation_weight` if it directly applies to the orientation cost
* If all of these apply to costs, adding a cost like `rotation_cost_weight` wouldn't hurt

These don't have to be addressed right now, but if we want to support possible more default cost types in the future, we should talk about how to make these parameters more consistent and maintainable in general.

Author: I've captured these in https://github.com/PickNikRobotics/pick_ik/issues/20 -- thanks!

* `twist_threshold`: Optimization succeeds only if the pose difference is less than `twist_threshold`. So, e.g., assuming your orientation was perfectly met, a `twist_threshold` of 0.001 would mean a 1 mm accuracy.
* `rotation_scale`: If you want position-only IK, set this to 0.0. If you want to treat position and orientation equally, set this to 1.0. You can also use any value in between; it's part of the cost function. Note that the exit condition on `twist_threshold` will ignore orientation if you use `rotation_scale = 0.0`.
* `minimal_displacement_weight`: This is one of the standard cost functions that checks for the joint angle difference between the initial guess and the solution. If you're solving for far-away goals, leave it to zero or it will hike up your cost function for no reason. Have this to a small non-zero value (e.g., 0.001) if you're doing things like Cartesian interpolation along a path, or endpoint jogging for servoing.

You can test out this solver live in RViz, as this plugin is programmed to respond to parameter changes at every solve. This means that you can change values on the fly using the ROS 2 command-line interface, e.g.,

```shell

> ros2 param set /rviz2 robot_description_kinematics.panda_arm.mode global

Reviewer: Nice example for dynamic parameter switching. Maybe we should add a "Powered by generate_parameter_library"?

Author: Done!

ros2 param set /rviz2 robot_description_kinematics.panda_arm.minimal_displacement_weight 0.001
```

---

## Custom Cost Functions

The [kinematics plugin](../src/pick_ik_plugin.cpp) allows you to pass in an additional argument of type `IkCostFn`, which can be passed in from common entrypoints such as `RobotState::setFromIK()`. See [this page](https://moveit.picknik.ai/humble/doc/examples/robot_model_and_robot_state/robot_model_and_robot_state_tutorial.html?highlight=setfromik#inverse-kinematics) for a usage example.

> Alternatively, feel free to add your own cost functions to the `pick_ik` source code itself (specifically, in [`goal.hpp`](../include/goal.hpp) and [`goal.cpp`](../src/goal.cpp) and submit a pull request with the new functionality you add.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, feel free to add your own cost functions to the `pick_ik` source code yourself (specifically, in [`goal.hpp`](../include/goal.hpp) and [`goal.cpp`](../src/goal.cpp) and submit a pull request with the new functionality.
```
?
